Dry bones, them bones, them bones, them
Dry bones, Hear the word of God.
Oh your toe bone's connected to your foot bone.
And your foot bone's connected to your ankle bone.
And your ankle bone's connected to your leg bone.
And your leg bone's connected to your knee bone.
And your knee bone's connected to your thigh bone.
And your thigh bone's connected to your hip bone.
And your hip bone's connected to your back bone.
And your back bone's connected to your shoulder bone.
And your shoulder bone's connected to your neck bone.
And your neck bone's connected to your head bone.
And your head bone's connected to you.
Dry bones, tell the word of God.
Oh Lord, them bones, them bones, them dry bones.
Them bones, them bones, them dry bones.
Hear the word of God.
And your finger bone's connected to your hand bone.
And your hand bone's connected to your wrist bone.
And your wrist bone's connected to your elbow bone.
And your elbow bone's connected to your shoulder bone.
And your shoulder bone's connected to your neck bone.
And your neck bone's connected to your jaw bone.
And your jaw bone's connected to your head bone.
Tell the word of God.
Oh, Lordy, them bones, them bones, them dry bones. Them bones, them bones, them dry bones. Them bones, them bones, them dry bones. Hear the word of God.